There you go.
Well, good morning.
Um, something's happening over
here cuz all there is is laughing.
Oh, that's a season of giving.
I didn't know it was
Bring your own snacks day.
Did we mail that out?
I mean, you know, that was sent
for your kids to bring snacks.
Not for Oh, it's okay.
I did all the hard work.
Okay.
All right, next week, bring your snack.
Just make sure you have enough to share.
Um, well, uh, great
morning to see everybody.
Um, super excited to continue our
series, um, talking about he shall
be called, um, and it's talking
about the coming of Jesus in these
names in which Isaiah the prophet.
Talked about the names of the coming
Messiah, and, uh, we get to break
those down and talk about what those
mean to us and what that obviously
meant to the people that he was
writing to in that time as well.
And, um, today we get to this
point where he mentions the
name of Jesus as mighty God.
And whenever I was thinking through
this, um, series of walking through,
talking about Christmas, talking
about the coming Messiah and
the, the word or the name mighty.
I was one of those I, I really like,
I was get, I was getting excited
because the more and more that I looked
into that name and the more and more
that I understood what that meant
to me, I was excited to make sure,
like one that we, we all understand.
How mighty God is.
And so we're gonna get to dive
into that today a little bit more.
And so if you weren't here last week when
we had our first part of our serious,
um, I'll catch you up a little bit.
Um, but the first one we talked about was
that Jesus is our wonderful counselor.
Um, and it's awesome to hear and to
see how much God knew we needed a
wonderful counselor in our lives.
Um, but I wanna start off by
asking, um, if you've ever seen.
, the Truman Show.
Anybody ever seen the Truman Show?
Okay.
Um, I remember watching it.
And, um, it's kind of one of those
moments whenever, uh, you see him
go through this life and, and,
and he's thinking it's all real.
And then when he begins to see
that it's not real and, and that
life all around him is fake.
His, his wife isn't real.
His friends aren't real.
The son isn't real.
I mean, where he's living,
it's just not real at all.
Um, I kinda get angry.
When people like are going through
the situations in which they're
unaware of what's going on.
And, and so typically when I watch
those movies, I don't enjoy them.
I just get angry because
how dare them put?
But anyway, there's more to this.
But when you think about the Truman
Show, you think about how much everything
that he was living for was fake.
It was not real.
Um, and then I begin to think about my
life before giving my life to Christ.
Everything that I had experie.
Was not real.
What I was living for was not real.
What, what I was thinking that my
life was designed for was not real.
And how at times, even as a believer,
and this is the tough part, even as a
believer, some of the things in which I
allow into my life, whenever I'm choosing
sin over what God's plan is for my life,
I'm experiencing what I would call is,
is not what God has designed for me.
It's, it's a.
Reality.
It's, it's something
that does not fulfill me.
Um, and, and I would even say a little
bit more when I think about this,
it's this idea of feeling empty.
And, uh, I I, I think of this quote,
uh, by Robbie Zacharias that says this
sin will take us farther than we want
to go, keep us longer than we wanna stay
and cost us more than we want to pay.
And so I started thinking, What is sin
like right when we live that life that's
outside of God's plan for our life?
Um, and and again, thinking that Truman
show and that he didn't understand
what he was missing until he realized
that things around him was not reality.
And what is it like?
And then it just hit me.
Anybody ever been like really, really
hungry and ate a lot of like junk food?
What happens?
One, it satisfies you for like
a moment cause you enjoyed the.
But you crash, you end up feeling empty.
You end up feeling like
you need substance there.
There's seasons in mine and Britt's
life where we'll catch ourselves
eating out a lot, and all of a sudden
we're just like, we just need a salad.
Anybody ever feel that way?
You just need a salad.
You just feel like that's
gonna make you feel healthy?
Right?
I think of it this way.
When we are choosing to sin, when
we're choosing not to follow God's
plan for our life, we are experiencing
maybe initial satisfaction.
, but long term satisfaction
is unfulfilling.
So here's the question.
You're wondering, where
the heck am I going?
How does this make sense
when it comes to mighty God?
I would say this.
There's people all over the world,
all over our city, maybe even here
today, that are substituting the
season of Christmas, the joys of
the world, and they're substituting
it in replacement of a abundant.
Amazing relationship with Jesus.
They're, they're substituting
all the, the, the things which
we would call of the flesh.
Things that are not going
to fulfill us long term.
That there's always seems
to be something missing.
They're choosing those and sometimes
we choose those over ultimately
what God has given us through a
personal relationship with him.
So what I'm not saying though,
and this is what I communicated
last week, if you enjoy Christmas,
we have Christmas trees up here.
We like lights.
That's not a bad.
. But when those things become priority
over our relationships with Christ,
that's when we have a problem.
And that, that's the things that I see.
Why are we talking about this
during the season of Christmas?
Because Christmas can easily distract us
with parties, lights, no offense, cookies.
We like your cookies.
Okay, good cookies, um, food, family
gifts, and those things are great.
But if those things consume us to the
point where we miss that this is a season
that Jesus, or that God sent Jesus to
this earth to be a mighty God, for us
to transform our lives, to give us a
hope, to give us peace, to give us joy,
to fulfill us, to not have that fake
feeling of, of fulfillment like we have
with candy or, or junk food, but to have
a nourishment, that good steak that we
like having right when we are choosing.
those things we are missing
out on this season that God has
designed for us in Christmas.
So what have we learned so far just
as we've been going through this text?
So you know, we're in Isaiah chapter nine.
We're recovering verses six and seven.
If you're wondering,
we read that last week.
We're gonna read it this week
and we'll read it next week
and we'll read it next week.
We're gonna continue to build off of
that text, but what we learned last.
. Uh, it is just this idea that even
when God's greatest creation, humans,
and in this case it was the people of
Israel or the people of Judah, even
when his greatest creation chose sin
over what God had for them, God's
plans, God did not stop pursuing them.
so that they could experience a
perfect relationship with him.
And this is where we see
Jesus come into the story.
God had a plan even when his people
were running from him, to send a
Messiah, a savior to this world,
to be a mighty counselor and a
wonderful God and a mighty God.
and, and we see this today in this text.
And so I want to read this text
and then I want to jump in and, uh,
talk a little bit more about it.
So here's is Isaiah chapter nine, uh,
verses six and seven says, this, for
child will be born for us, a son will be
given to us and the government will be
on his shoulders and he will be named.
Wonderful counselor.
Mighty God, eternal father.
Prince of peace and the dominion will be
vast and its prosperity will never end,
and he will reign on the throne of David
and over his kingdom to establish and
sustain it with justice and righteousness.
From now on and forever, the zeal of
the Lord of Armies will accomplish this.
So let's pray.
Lord Jesus, we pray, Lord, that as we
read your word, as we talk about your
word today, Lord, may we, um, Lord, leave
outta here change because we understand
how mighty you are in our lives and the
mighty plans in which you have for us
to fulfill through us and to experience
through a personal relationship with you.
Lord, help us, uh, have open minds, open
hearts, open ears, Lord, to your word.
And, uh, may we continue to, uh,
know you more and more, um, every
day that we study your word, and
we pray this in your heavily name.
Amen.
. So as we saw last week, we talked about
him being a wonderful counselor, right?
And we really summarized it this
way, uh, as Jesus being our wonderful
counselor, Jesus is above anything in
the world that we can comprehend when
it comes to guiding and directing our
lives, experiencing what God has for
us, and I would say it this way, is
that God sent a wonderful counselor
Jesus into our lives because he knew we.
he knew we needed it.
It's those moments where sometimes
we don't know what we need.
Uh, and I think about
it this way as my kids.
Um, There's times where we do
things for them that they don't
know that they need done for them.
Why?
Because they're kids.
Well, in essence, we are children
of God and God is sending his son
Jesus, and he sent his son Jesus
to fulfill a need that we had, and
that is to be a wonderful counselor.
Right?
And, and we need that because we have
an enemy that is constantly trying to
distract us and in order to fulfill what
God has called for us to do to know him.
Person.
To be used by God.
He needed to send Jesus to guide us in.
And so I want to kind of give a
little bit of background just like
I did last week to make sure that
all of us are on the same page.
But Isaiah, uh, the book of Isaiah
is a, is a book written by a prophet.
Prophets were known to
prophesy about the future.
Right.
That makes logical sense, right?
But he was a prophet and he came
out and, and most of this you're
gonna see in the book of Isaiah
is he's gonna cast judgment.
He's gonna proclaim judgment
on Judah and Israel.
And we talked about last week the
difference between Judah and Israel.
Used to be a, a tribe of, of a God, right?
It's God's people.
Um, and they end up dividing and breaking
up into two different groups, the
tribe of Israel and the tribe of Judah.
Um, and we learned a little bit more
about that last week, but this tribe of
Judah is the southern part of Israel.
Um, and.
Isaiah is writing and he's saying, Hey,
there's judgment that is coming on you.
Um, you're going to be sent off
into exile and there's going to
be a season where you're there and
then God's gonna bring you back and
restore you and rebuild some things.
But ultimately he ends up not just
talking about judgment to these people.
He's talking about hope.
And I think a lot of times, and I, I
actually got a chance to talk to somebody
yesterday, um, and we were talking
a little bit about church and he has
had a bad church experience and one of
the things he said is, The reason why
he struggles with believing in Jesus
is because all he ever hears is that
he's going to hell and judgment, which
I, I would say this, that we all need
to know that at at at in our lives.
That if we do not repent of our sins,
that there is judgment on our lives.
But I think too many times, and this
is the reason why you'll probably
hear me say that consistently cuz we
do need to know the consequences of
our sin is eternal separation from.
We need to hear that, but I would think
just like what Isaiah has seen here
and just like what we see Jesus, more
of what we need to hear is that there
is a hope and a help in Jesus, that
Jesus came to save that which was lost.
His whole ultimate goal was to save
us from ourselves just like we are
trying to protect our kids and we save
them from themselves by grabbing their
hand before they run out in front of.
, and that sounds logical to us because
we're trying to save their lives.
Well, Jesus was sent so that
he could grab our hands before
we crossed the road to Hell.
And you may say, well, that
just doesn't seem right.
Why do we even have to even
have the option to go to hell?
Because of us, because of our sin?
God didn't want us to go to hell.
That was our choice.
When we choose sin over
God, that is our choice.
So the reason why I'm bringing this
up is, Isaiah's not just talking about
judgment, he's talking about hope
and the hope of a coming Messiah.
And so that's where we see
here on our side of history.
We get to look back because we've
already seen that Jesus has come, this
coming Messiah that he's talking about.
We've already seen Jesus
come, he's already seen him.
If, if you've given your life to
Christ, you've already seen that he
has fulfilling, uh, hope in your life
and he's giving, um, purpose to your.
But we are still seeing judgment.
We're still seeing distractions and
brokenness in our lives, and I would
say this, this hope is sometimes easy to
forget because if you're going through a
difficult time, or if you're struggling
or if you're seeing the world around
you, or if you're seeing things that are
just wrecking your life from health to
family to just difficult situations, you
may wonder where is the hope in this?
Well, this is why I believe
that we have Christmas.
This is why we celebrate Christmas.
It's because Christmas reminds us who
Jesus is, who Jesus is, and why he came.
And so the true season of Christmas
is Christ came so that we could
be saved and have a personal
relationship with him and experience
hope in the midst of our trials.
Experience, love and forgiveness
in the midst of our broken.
And to understand that God
has mighty plans for us.
I remember reading this quote earlier
this week that Billy Graham quoted.
He says, the very purpose of Christ
coming into the world was that
he might offer up his life as a
sacrifice for the sins of man.
He came to die, and this
is the heart of Christmas.
C Christmas.
So when we look at now, the, the name
in which Isaiah wrote about, right, we
already talked about wonderful counselor.
Now he says, mighty.
When we look at Mighty God, the
first thing I want you to look at
is he says his name shall be called.
Why are names important?
If you go and study anything in the
Old Testament, names were given,
not just because they sounded cool.
And so, you know, whenever me and
Britney chose a lot of our kids'
names, they're unique, but we didn't
just choose them cuz they're unique.
We actually looked at their meaning and
we, we wanted it to align with something
that we did believe and something that
we saw in them and, and what we thought.
And so names are important because,
When we look at these names, one
Jesus' name would be his reputation.
It would be what he was known for.
And we would also look at this
specifically, is that the names
of God are important because
it connects us to his identity.
It connects us to Jesus's identity.
And so I, I've taken an example here
and this is gonna be, um, great.
Cause I don't even think Matt's in here.
I think Matt's serving.
This is really great.
So I started just, I randomly
thought of somebody and I started
thinking, how do I identify?
Like, I don't even know what
Matt's definition of his name is,
but if I know Matt, that's Matt
is who leads up here on guitar.
Matt is someone who is honest and genuine.
He's someone who is an
encourager, he's creative.
I know that he's a follower
of Jesus, and so whatever.
I talk to Matt, whatever I, I, I know him.
I, I identify him with these things.
So when we think of Jesus, this coming
Messiah, that we have a personal
relationship, or if you haven't given
your life to, to him, that you can
have a personal relationship with him.
These names are important for us.
So when we think of Jesus, we think
of him as this wonderful counselor and
this mighty God in this Savior because
we've experienced him in this way.
So let's break this down.
Mighty and God, mighty means
strong, brave, powerful.
Warrior Champion, chief Giant.
Um, that's not just
names of football teams.
It's, it's actually Jesus.
Um, but then he talks about mighty God.
God is a creator, a ruler of the
universe, the source of all authority
above all, all knowing and in control.
So here's just a translation of
what I, Isaiah is saying here.
Jesus, the coming Messiah is stronger
and more powerful than anything else
that has ever been created or made.
Jesus is above all and is in all
knowing and in control of everything.
Now, just because Jesus has
that name doesn't does not
mean that you identify him.
that when I begin to study more
and more about Jesus being my
mighty God, your mighty God, I
started asking this question, but
do I believe he is a mighty God?
So it just like, I mean it.
This is where I come back
to the whole Matt thing.
Matt could say, Hey, I'm an awesome guy.
I'm a pretty cool dude.
I'm creative.
But if I don't believe
that he may be, but I may.
View him that way.
I may not recognize him as that
way, and I know Jesus is, Jesus
is way better than Matt and Matt's
son here to defend himself in that.
But I'm trying to give you some
practical example here in this idea of
Jesus can be something and, and, and.
But the question is, do we
identify Jesus as a mighty God?
I think that's the posing question
that I pray from this point forward,
that you begin to ask yourself,
is Jesus mighty God in my life?
Do I identify Jesus?
As a mighty God.
And that may be a tough question for
you to answer, but I would love for
you if you have experienced Jesus as
mighty God to share a time in your life
where you have seen him as mighty God.
So I'm gonna say that again, and
then I'm gonna answer one so that
you have time to think about it.
But how has Jesus been
a mighty God in your.
Give just a short answer of what you've
seen, where God has shown up in that way.
And again, where he was stronger,
more powerful than anything else.
He showed up and showed out.
So let me give you a mind so that
you can think for a few minutes.
There's two things that just came to mind,
but I could probably go on and on and on.
One of those is back when our,
um, youngest daughter, Tegan, um,
right after she was born, a month
after she was born, she went into.
The emergency room.
She was life flighted.
Um, she was hanging on for dear life.
Um, basically almost lost her life.
And I remember them telling us
that we needed to expect the worst.
And in those moments when we
begin to pray and we begin to see
God work, he was a mighty God.
He healed her.
And all the doctors have no
clue why all of that happened.
And in that moment, we
recognized God as a mighty.
And he, and that's a short story of it.
If you want a longer one, we'll
give you a longer one another day.
But the short of that is that God showed
up in a mighty way above anything anybody
could have controlled and he showed up.
But I would also mention if I could
probably mention about 27 different
times in my spiritual journey.
Where God has showed up financially.
Does anybody ever struggle with finances
where it seems like you don't have enough
and it seems like something breaks and
you don't know how you're gonna pay for it
and you don't know how you're gonna do it?
Well, I think that's probably happened
to us about a hundred times, but at
least 27 of those, God was mighty.
Where there was times where
financially, somehow God showed up
and I don't even know how it worked.
Okay.
He was mighty every time.
My wife's gonna correct me in my wording.
Okay.
He was mighty every time, but
in the way in which she showed.
Um, I'll just even give
you a great example.
Whenever we were saying, Hey,
we really feel like God's called
us to move here to Cincinnati.
Um, we had no clue how
we were gonna get here.
Um, financially we're like, we just
feel like God's called us here.
Um, and within, um, really cuz we
had to delay fundraising for a while.
Within three months we raised all
the support we needed to move here.
And whenever they told us to write
down all the names of people that
could help us fundraise to move here.
I wrote down about 10 names
in two churches, and I said,
well, that's all I got.
And they're like, you're
gonna need a longer list.
And somehow God showed up.
Well, why did God show up?
Because God is mighty.
And, and, and I begin to think through
these things, and I'm gonna give
you a chance now to share yours.
But when I think about what is is, is
God mighty, God is mighty in the fact
that he is in control of everything.
And it comes to us recognizing
God in those situations.
Those are the big things, but
there's some small things.
I'll just tell you this, that, that
you're living and breathing today
is a a mighty God type of thing.
The way in which our body functions,
the way in which we have life and
babies are created and formed.
That is amazing.
But sometimes we look
at that as just a, eh.
That happens all the time.
That's even God being mighty.
So now that I've given you plenty
of time, there should be at least
three people that shares give me.
Something, some story where
God was mighty in your life.
Yeah.
So.
Driving
about an hour and a
walk.
Oh God, I'm , so I.
Yeah, I love it.
Absolutely.
Awesome.
Thank you for sharing.
Somebody else, share time
when God was mighty in your.
That's awesome.
I love how God connects those stories.
because that's the cool part, is
he uses all of us to, to be mighty
like God created all of us to, to
create these opportunities, right.
To, to come together and fulfill
needs that are being met.
That's awesome.
One more, somebody else.
Mighty God.
How is he mighty in your life?
Mm-hmm.
Perfect.
Better.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
Cool.
That's awesome.
You got so.
Okay.
Yeah, so Christie's speaking through you.
Let's.
And the doctor goes, why aren't you?
Wow.
That's crazy.
Yeah.
Wow.
That's crazy.
See, I think if you, if you sat here
long enough, we'd probably all have
some story where we've seen God be
mighty and, and here's the part,
at times we don't even recognize.
How mighty God is in our life.
He's working even though we
aren't even recognizing it.
And I think that's the unique part
of this story when we recognize God
as being mighty in doing things.
But at times, the thing that I recognize
is, I, I kind of flip a little bit
here, is we miss seeing God is mighty.
Because what happens is, is we
start worshiping the creation.
Rather than creator.
So give you a great example here.
We start trusting in our
money over God's provision.
We start trusting in our own strength
and our own ability to change the
situation than God's strength and
his ability to change the situation.
We start trusting, trusting media and
the world and professionals over and so,
so you understand I'm not anti any of.
. But what we end up doing and, and so
you know what I end up doing and I
just wanna give you an example, is
when we've had financial troubles,
cuz I'm going back to this.
My first thing is how
can I go work harder?
To meet those needs.
Now, I don't think God doesn't
want me to work hard to meet those
needs, but I'm not even seeking the
Lord to provide in a mighty way.
I'm just trying to figure out how
fleshly can I go make this happen.
And in those moments that I begin
to pursue how to figure it out on my
own, you know what ends up happening?
I end up being stressed.
I have anxiety.
I'm, I'm, I'm like, it just wrecks me.
And in those moments, it's like
God's just waiting on me to say,
do you recognize how big a God I.
That is, is every day keeping you
alive every day, helping you be able
to do what you are able to do, and
you're not even asking for my help.
You're not even asking.
And that's where humility comes
in because most of the time we're
not willing to humble ourselves.
And so whenever we think about those
examples, have you ever gotten that
out of order where you've end up
trusting something or someone else
rather than God in your situation?
I think we have, and that's where
we, we get this out of order.
And, and why do we get that out of order?
Because we forget and, and I've
preached enough messages even here that
we consistently forget to remember.
And that's why if you'll study your
Bible, I think even Matt had a number the
other day when I was talking with him.
It's like over 500 times in the
Bible where it says, remember why?
Because we easily forget that God is
mighty, that God is creator, that God is
sovereign, that God is the one that can
counsel and guide and direct us because he
is the one that created everything and he
is the one that can walk with us and guide
us and direct us in everything that we.
And so it's important that we don't
remember or so that we don't forget to
remember that Jesus is our mighty God
because we will end up doubting and
choosing other things to put our trust in.
We'll miss out on experiencing
God's best for us.
When we see Jesus as our mighty God,
we understand a couple of key things.
One, whenever a God is leading
us, he will provide for us.
And I would say this, if you are
seeking the Lord and you're saying
Lord, . Lord, lead me just like
we did when we said, Lord, lead us
when we're coming to Cincinnati.
We don't know how the
heck we're gonna get here.
When we trusted the Lord in
faith, God took care of the rest.
So I would say this, where God guides
you, God provides for you, not just
financially, but we're talking.
Everything opens doors, provides
opportunities where God guides
you, God provides for you.
Where do we see that in the Bible?
Two different ones.
I wanna give you an example.
Number one.
You remember whenever Jesus
was walking on the water and
Peter says, is this you Lord?
And he's like, yeah.
And he's like, well, if it's you, then
you know, have me come out on the water.
And Jesus says, come.
And so whenever Peter had
faith, he was walking on water.
But the moment that he began to get
distracted by creation, the wind
and the waves, he began to sink.
See, that's one example in the Bible
where we see that another one is,
Remember the story of Abraham, and uh,
God says, Hey, wake up and you need to
go and you need to go sacrifice your son.
And Abraham, you know what the Bible says?
Abraham says, Abraham got up and went.
And on the way his son asked him,
dad, where's the sacrifice that
we're gonna sacrifice up here?
And he's like, God will provide.
And in every one of those
instances, Abraham didn't know.
He didn't know, like in the fact of
like physically having to sacrifice
with him other than his son.
But he trusted the Lord.
He trusted the Lord because he
understood he was a mighty God.
And what did God do?
God provided a sacrifice.
He never intended Abraham
to sacrifice his son.
That was so if you're trying to
wonder what the heck, that's crazy.
He never intended, that
was never going to happen.
He was always gonna provide a sacrifice,
but he was looking at Abraham's.
This season of Christmas reminds us that
God has provided Jesus as our mighty God.
That in those two instances of
the Bible and there's more of 'em,
that God will provide whatever
it is, he is a mighty God.
I believe Matthew 6 33, and I quote
this a lot of times because I have to
remind where my priorities is, where
our priority is during Christmas,
but seek first the kingdom of God and
all these things will be provided.
Too many times I catch myself
seeking the things of the world and
just hoping that I figure it out
and then maybe God will bless it.
But he says to seek
first the kingdom of God.
And when things do get difficult,
we have to remember right God's
word and cling to it in faith.
Psalm 16 eight says this, I always
let the Lord guide me because he is my
right hand and I will not be shaken.
See, there's a difference though.
When we say we believe
something, but then what?
Wow.
Here's my statement.
When the rubber meets the road, really
shows our true colors, what we believe in.
And I was reading the devotional this week
and I love how God works things together.
We're talking about building, you
know, building these connections.
And so I'm studying for this text and
I'm in, I'm always consistently doing
devotionals and this one devotional
just stuck out to me, and this is
what it says, and I'm reading it
specifically from this devotion.
It says, it is one thing to
say we believe in God and it's
quite another thing to trust.
When the bullets are flying,
he says, I'm pointing at the
problem I call Christian atheism.
How can a Christian possibly be atheism?
Here's what he says.
The phenomenon sounds like
a paradox because it is.
We are Christians, but then
at the first hint of trouble,
we act like there's no God.
We freak out and we rarely
and regularly flip out.
We say we believe God is real,
but we live like he isn't.
We trust him for eternal salvation.
Then we act like he can't
handle our lives here on earth.
Can I tell you that?
I think that that's a problem in
a lot of our lives and even in my
life at times, is that we believe
God is mighty enough for salvation.
We've got that check mark.
I'm glad my eternity's secure, but
God's not big enough for you name it.
You fill in the blank, and
I mentioned this last week.
Sometimes we treat God
like life insurance.
Life insurance is only
valuable when you're.
I'll just tell you this.
God did not send Jesus just to
give you a life insurance plan.
We need to hear that today.
I'll say that again.
God did not send Jesus so that you
can just have a life insurance plan.
Guess what?
We already have those.
Without Jesus.
They're fine.
They're there.
Not the eternity obviously.
We need that for Jesus.
But I'm talking about
the life insurance plans.
What I'm saying is my wife's gonna
correct me after I get in with this.
She can be like, you said
so many things wrong today.
I'm not saying you can get
to heaven without Jesus.
That's not what I meant.
Okay.
Um, but here's what I would say is
we struggle to see that Jesus is our
mighty God and the one who's in control
of all of our aspects of our life.
Right.
He's working to consistently draw us back
to him, and we only invite him in when
it's comfortable, when it's, we want.
There not whenever God desires for
us to be in his life and him to be in
our life every moment of every day.
And so I go back to this idea
of the candy story, right?
The, the junk food.
Too many times we fill ourselves
with the things of this world and
it fulfills us for a time, a time.
And then there's something missing.
And God is saying that something
missing is a relationship with Jesus.
I wanna be as clear as I can based upon
just my knowledge of God's word, my
experience and my relationship with Jesus,
that when we think of Christmas and the
story of Jesus and why he came to Earth,
it was more than to just be our savior.
I, I believe that he came
to save us from our sins.
He wants to do that, but Jesus didn't
come to save us from our sins and then
free us to just sit, sleep, eat, and be.
John 10.
10 says this, Jesus came so that
we might have life and that we
might have it more abundantly.
What is the abundant life?
As I begin to study what
is the abundant life?
We're not talking about just
being wealthy, healthy, and merry.
What we is talking about is the abundant
life is experiencing Jesus as mighty God.
Not just mighty God and
eternity, but mighty God.
Now, one who can do exceedingly,
abundantly more than we can ask or
think to the power that works in us.
Ephesians three 20 tells us that.
See, I'm reminded as I was
talking to someone last night
who's walking through a trial.
This is what I said to
her, God's word is truth.
John 17, 17.
Sometimes we have to remember to speak
God's word over our lives and remind us
who God is and what he is doing in our
lives, what He desires to do in our.
So on the other side of our faith in Jesus
as mighty God as a life like no other.
We could think of examples all
throughout the Bible, but I just
wanna list a couple of them.
Number one, if you have ever studied the
story of David and Goliath, there is no
way that David should have ever defeated
Goliath, but do you wanna know how he
did because he made this statement?
How can Goliath stand up against.
An army led by basically God who
would defy God's name like that.
Why isn't somebody going and tearing it?
Basically him apart?
His faith in God is what defeated
Goliath, not David's stones
and his skills and his age.
It was never that.
It was his faith and belief
in God as being mighty.
Think about Elijah and the prophets,
you know, and all the fire that came
down from heaven and consumed the offer.
None of that was because
of Elijah and himself.
It was God's mighty power to show up.
That was a mighty God.
Think about the 3000 people that
were saved at Pentecost when Peter
preached, and if you ever know anything
about Peter, Peter was a failure.
Just so you know, Peter was a failure
just like most of us at times.
He had denied Jesus.
He tend to get angry at times.
He was not the greatest Charact.
Jesus used him to preach a message
in faith because he knew God was
a mighty God and because God was a
mighty God, 3000 people were saved.
See, those are the stories of the Bible
that as I read them, I see them as truth.
But I'll go back to what we did before and
some of you shared and some of you didn't.
Some of you hopefully
thought of some things.
God has been mighty in your life, and
if you have forgotten that, I pray
today that you remember that God has
been mighty, and then then go out.
And live like God is mighty because
he is, he desires to do exceedingly,
abundantly, more than we could ask or
think through our lives, through faith.
So I, I wrote this down because
I started thinking this way.
If Jesus was sitting here today,
what would he say to us as
we're celebrating Christmas?
What would he say we should focus on?
You know what?
I think he would say, remember why I came?
I think he would say this, my
birth was a gift from God to.
As we read here in verse six, it says,
for a child would be born for us, a son
will be given to us and the government
will be on his shoulders all the way
the world will be on his shoulders.
He would say this, that he came so that
we could experience the forgiveness
of our sins and the freedom, and I
want you to hear this, the freedom
to live life, the life that God has
called you to live greater than any
other worldly life that we could live.
So what's stopping?
There's a couple of things that I
just listed out here that you may be
thinking this, you're struggling with
stopping, believing that God is mighty.
The first one may be your faith.
Maybe you're struggling in your faith.
Maybe you've given your life to Christ
and your faith is just struggling.
We all have those moments, so you know,
I have those moments and it's okay.
But we need to recognize that, that if
we're struggling in our faith, maybe we
need to do this, maybe we need to pray
and believe, just like the father who went
to Jesus and said, can you heal my son?
And you know what Jesus said, do
you believe, and this is what he
says, I believe, help my unbelief.
Basically what he's saying is,
I'm struggling in my faith right
now, but Jesus, can you help me?
Maybe you need to ask God, God,
help me recognize you as mighty God.
Maybe that's you.
The next could be fear.
Maybe you need to cast
all your care on God.
And remember this, we've studied in
one Timothy, God has not given us a
spirit of fear, but of power and love.
And Son, mine, God has not
given you a spirit of fear.
So maybe you need to pray and
ask God that maybe it's just not
understanding and knowing it all.
Does anybody struggle to live
out their faith because you
feel like you don't know enough?
Maybe I'm the only person.
Great.
Just the pastor's.
The only one that struggles with this.
Okay, . Um, if you struggle to live
out your faith because you feel like
you don't know enough, you never will.
Okay?
Can I just free you up right now?
You will never know enough to
feel like you're just confident
enough to go share your faith.
Live out your faith.
You won't Do you wanna know why?
Because it, there's so much knowledge to
know about Jesus, but do you know that
you know enough to live out your faith?
Absolut.
If you know why Jesus came, if you
have given your life to Christ and you
trust him as your savior and one who
can guide your life, you know enough
because the power of God who is mighty
in, you can do exceedingly, abundantly
more than you can ask or think.
So maybe today you need to pray
and you need to say, you know what,
Lord, I don't need to know it all.
Maybe I don't need to know everything.
I think I need to know in
order to live my faith out.
And obviously it's important to know more.
Well, here's my challenge as we,
we finish up into invitation here.
As you're, you're considering those
things and praying and asking the
Lord, maybe you need to do two things.
Maybe you need to say yes to Jesus to
be saved and to give your life to Jesus.
There is no greater day.
Than today to give your life to Jesus.
I remember the day that
I gave my life to Jesus.
It was on a Sunday night.
There was literally 17
people in the church.
And I knew I was the only lost
person in the room cuz everybody
else were the committed people.
The Sunday night people.
Um, and I remember my pastor said
this, Hey, uh, if you haven't given
your life to Jesus and you'd like
to do that, you can do that today.
And, uh, I gave my life to Jesus
with 17 people in the room,
knowing I was the only last person
because God so transformed my life.
I recognize my needs.
So I remember my pastor saying that,
you know, today is the day of salvation.
And he said, you know, there's,
there's never a promise for tomorrow.
And that's not to scare you, but that's
to say an opportunity, stop living the
Truman life, the life that's fake, the
life that's not real, the life that is
second best to anything that God could.
Today.
By giving your life to Jesus, you can
begin to experience the true life,
the true design that God has given
us through relationship with him.
So if that's you today, maybe
you need to give your life to
Jesus, and if you have questions,
I'm always standing in the back.
Brittany's always over here.
I'm here after service.
I want to talk to you about
how to give your life to Jesus.
Maybe it's you.
You've given your life to Jesus and
you needed to say yes to Jesus again to
experience him as mighty God in your life.
You know you can do that, that
every single day you can have
a new commitment to the Lord.
And so during this type of invitation,
I just challenge you to, to renew your
commitment to the Lord or to, to give
your life to Christ in the first way.
To recognize him as mighty God.
Guys, don't waste your life
living that second right life.
There's way.
For you.
And so in this season of Christmas, know
that God desires to have you know him in
a personal way and to experience him as
a wonderful counselor and a mighty God.
So let's pray.
Lord Jesus, we pray, uh, that your
word continues to ring truth in
our lives, Lord, and that we do
not leave, um, without considering
everything that we've heard today.
God, I know, um, that you are
working because you are mighty God.
Lord, I believe in.
Uh, that no matter what, Lord, because
your word was open, that we talked about
it, that we discussed it, Lord, that
we, uh, can leave outta here change
because you are, um, just a God that
works, uh, Lord, in, in amazing ways.
So, go, Lord.
I just, um, Lord, as I just, I,
I continue to just think, uh,
of each person in this room.
Lord, I.
Um, everybody in here is, is is in a
different spiritual level, Lord, or
a different situation, a different,
uh, time and season of their life.
And, and God, I just pray that you meet
them where they're at, Lord, if they're
struggling with sickness, if they're
struggling with the loss, if they're
struggling with belief and faith, if
they're struggling with finances, um,
Lord, if they're struggling with whatever
it is, Lord, I pray that you meet
them where they're, Will you minister
their hearts and their lives right
now and, and pour into them, uh, and,
and show them their, your love Lord,
and to show them how mighty you are.
But God, I also just pray for the
person in this room, Lord, that
is still considering giving their
lives to you, Lord, may today be
the day where they put their foot
in the sand and they say, no more.
No more living that
second rate life, Lord.
But they give their lives to
you wholeheartedly and fully.
So Lord, as.
Take time to consider and reflect.
Lord, I pray that all of our
hearts are open, uh, to take
the next step in our faith.
And, um, Lord, we thank you for
this time to be able to pray and
to, to, to be able to worship
and to be able to open your word.
And, uh, we, we pray
this near heavenly name.
Amen.